President Grant.
It's an honor.
-Mr. Pryce.
-What are you doing here?
I, uh, actually was
hoping for your help
on some
Institute business,
but if this is
a bad time...
No. No.
Not at all.
Uh...Actually just leaving.
[ Elevator dings ]
Curtis.
Uh, nice to meet you,
Mr. President.
Fitz: You, too.
That was exciting.
What are you doing here?
What is this?
An Institute project Marcus
and I are putting together.
I was hoping you could
lend us a hand.
Lend you --
Are you crazy?
It's a missing-girls case.
I don't care
what kind of case it is.
Hundreds of teenage girls
no one's looking for
because of the color
of their skin.
The president of Bashran
is in town.
We're organizing a summit.
-It's right up your alley.
[ Chuckles ]
Olivia.
[ Pressing elevator button ]
Was.
Was up my alley.
This isn't -- You're not
supposed to be here.
We're not...
Why are you here?
100 days is over.
I kept my head down,
but now I have work to do.
Come on.
If we don't help them,
who will?
♪♪
Give this
to Quinn Perkins.
-I don't want Quinn Perkins!
-If she can get some traction,
I'll have Mellie
make a statement.
Otherwise --
-I want you.
Well, you can't have me.
[ Elevator dings ]
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have work to do, too.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
It's a momentous day
at the White House
with President Grant set to
preside over a nuclear summit
between
President Rashad of Bashran
and Prime Minister Nazari
of Dakal this week.
Rashad: If my past experience
with this man is any indication,
he'll want to know
what's next --
how any of this
actually gets implemented.
Well, that's why
today's negotiation
is simply
a starting point.
If we are to convince
Prime Minister Nazari
to get behind this treaty
and sign --
I don't think it's a question
of "if," Madam President.
Nazari will sign.
You and I
will make sure of it.
I like the way you think.
[ Chuckles ]
If only the people of my country
all shared in that opinion.
I know you're getting
some pushback.
Certainly
no surprise there.
I want you to know if
there's anything more I can do,
anything else
that you need...
I appreciate that.
Of course.
So, is there?
Anything else you need?
[ Door opens ]
Olivia!
Come in.
Madam President,
President Rashad, good morning.
We were just finishing up some
last-minute talking points.
We're all on the same page,
I take it?
-I believe so.
-Wonderful.
Looking forward to the talks,
Madam President.
As am I,
President Rashad.
Thank you.
Did you know
Fitz was in town?
He called this morning asking
when he could see the kids.
Has it been on the books
for awhile?
Mellie: No,
it was very last minute.
I told him he could do
whatever he wants,
as long as he doesn't
upstage our summit.
My first official
treaty-signing pens.
We are making history today,
Liv.
You and me.
I can feel it.
♪♪
Hannah: "An employee of
the Executive Branch
may accept a gift only
if it is unsolicited --"
Which it was.
"And if the gift is valued
at $20 or less..."
How much
is the painting worth?
A bit more than that.
What could that man have
possibly been thinking?
I mean...
What?
Oh.
I...no. Nothing.
Hannah?
Well, it's just that
the barista at Hot Pot
tries to give me free biscotti
every morning
because he wants to...
He thinks that I'll...
-For biscotti?!
-Right.
That's why I always
pay full price
so that I don't send him
the wrong message.
In this case, paying full price
is not going to be an option.
Then you're gonna have to
give it back.
I mean, unless you do
want to send a message.
Hannah.
You can go.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
219 missing black girls
ignored by the press, cops,
everyone,
and that's just
this past year.
-This is criminal.
-Fitz agrees.
He asked us
to make some noise.
We do our jobs right,
everyone and their uncle
will know who these girls are
and be out there
looking for them.
-How much does it pay?
-Charlie!
What?
We got a wedding to pay for.
You got the Save The Date,
right?
First thing we need
is a face.
What about 219 faces?
219 missing girls
is just an idea.
People can ignore
an idea.
What we need is an individual,
a poster girl,
someone who can
get the public's attention.
Question is...who?
I coordinated with
Bashrani Security.
Everyone they flagged as
a potential threat to Rashad
is now in our system.
To be on the safe side,
though,
I think it's time we talked
about hiring some agents.
The more eyes and ears
we have in the field --
I need you to
look into Fitz.
He's back. No warning.
Shows up
on my doorstep saying
he's got some case
he needs my help with.
And you think
that's strange?
A man who hasn't gone
for three minutes,
let alone three months,
without wanting to see you.
We had an understanding.
He stays in Vermont,
keeps his nose out of
Mellie's business --
out of my business.
If he comes here,
it's coordinated
with the White House.
No surprises.
What's the case?
It doesn't matter.
It's not the point.
Maybe it is the point.
Maybe this is
a case that's
actually worthy
of your attention.
May I ask
what you're afraid of?
I don't know.
You don't know.
It doesn't feel right.
Claudia Lopez --
17 year old from Fort Myers.
Vanished during her lunch break
at the Gettysburger
where she was
employee of the month.
She dropped out
of high school
after being held back
for spotty attendance.
So, what? We're saying
she's irresponsible?
Employee of the month.
-It doesn't matter.
Whoever we pick
has to be squeaky clean. Next.
Hannah Martel --
16 year old from Galveston.
Went missing while at the mall
with her friends.
Lost her private-school
scholarship
after smoking a cigarette
at a dance.
Quinn:
Lost her scholarship?
I was caught smoking in the
school dance and got detention.
Okay, next.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Quanesha Turner --
honor-roll student at
Bishop High in Cincinnati.
Disappeared --
-No good.
What, are you kidding?
She's the perfect poster child.
People hear "Quanesha"
and stop listening.
We need a name
that sounds white.
Ugh. Anyone else grossed out
by all this?
We're all grossed out by this,
but this is what it's gonna take
to get the American people
to pay attention.
Ou-Our girl is in here
somewhere.
She has to be.
A case? That's how you're gonna
save my daughter?
It's a noble cause.
Getting Liv involved
is a chance to remind her
who she is,
what she cares about.
So, Olivia will help you
find these girls,
and as a result,
she'll what?
Trade in her B613 horns
for a halo?
Has she agreed
to work on it?
She put her old team on it.
-So, no?
-What would you have me do?
Ask her politely
to dismantle B613?
If Liv shutters B613,
it has to be her idea, not mine.
We are luring her
into a cage.
Let's be very clear
about that.
We are not doing anything.
Whatever I do
is because I want to do it.
If we're gonna be clear
about something,
let's be clear about that.
You know what?
Never mind.
You forget,
I was in a cage, too.
They'll say
I was lured by fossils.
No. It was the girl who dangled
those fossils in front of me.
She was the cheese
in my trap.
What's your point?
My point is
this case is not the bait.
You are.
You are her weakness.
It is why
I have always hated you
with the passion
of 1,000 suns
and why I think you're her only
chance at salvation.
The case is fine.
The case will get her attention,
but if you want to fix her,
she can't fall in love
with a cause.
She has to fall in love...
with you.
You are the cheese,
Mr. President.
You.
Remember that.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
♪♪
Zoe Adams --
15 year old from Baltimore.
Rangerette. Last seen at
dance practice with her troupe.
[ Keyboard clacking ]
Straight-A student.
♪♪
Hey, Marcus, reach out
to your press contacts.
Get Zoe's story out there.
Huck, Charlie,
verify her background.
Get those school records.
Do we have the Baltimore PD
case files?
I wouldn't expect them
to be too helpful.
I'll get David on it.
♪♪
[ Sighing ]
Vice President Beene!
This is an unexpected treat.
Just a sec.
[ Lock beeping ]
Mr. Glackland.
Did you get my present?
Uh...
W-W-Would you mind, uh...
Oh, oh! Right!
Yeah.
Hey, come in. Come in.
Look, you-your --
your gift was very generous.
The painting is incredible,
but I can't accept it.
Of course you can.
I gave it to you.
Mr. Glackland --
Call me Fenton.
Or Fentsie -- That's what
they called me at MIT.
Fenton...
you're aware that
there are laws that forbid me
as vice president to accept
gifts of any value,
much less the gift of
a $100-million Cézanne.
Oh, right.
Well, that's too bad.
I really wanted you
to have it.
I'll, uh, I'll give you
my office address,
and you can ship it
back there.
See,
that's the other thing.
I'm -- I'm sure it needs to be
transported
by a special mover
and insured,
and I can't pay for that
out of my office budget.
That's taxpayer money.
Of course. I'll, um...
I'll have my assistant
make arrangements, then.
Sorry if I, uh, put you in
an awkward position.
It's okay.
I...it was a nice thought.
It was, wasn't it?
Especially after you were
a real jerk to me.
I do want to apologize.
Ah, forget about it.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I'm not...
cut out for politics.
All this ass kissing and trying
not to say what you mean,
though...now that
I think about it,
you're not too great at
either of those yourself.
I-I-I guess you're right.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah, I should...
let you get back to whatever
you've got...going in there.
You want to try it?
No, I couldn't possibly.
Sure, you can.
Come on. Try it.
I-I have a lot on my plate
today.
Cyrus,
you're making me pay
to take back the Cézanne
that I gave you.
The least you can do is try out
my embarrassing glasses.
-Oh! My God!
-Oh!
Fenton, that was
like a legion!
That was awesome!
Are you okay?
-Uh...
-You okay?
Yeah.
Who am I?
Admit it --
you were enjoying it.
I'll never admit it.
At this age,
my pride is all I have left.
Tell you the truth, I'm
surprised to hear you say that.
Oh, don't flatter me, Fentsie.
I'm immune.
Oh,
I'm not flattering you.
I'm surprised
to hear you say that
because it seems like all your
dirty laundry's aired.
I mean, your ex-hubby
has custody of your kid
for God's sake.
You must've been
a...bad, bad boy.
[ Breathing heavily ]
What time is it?
I-I should be going.
Oh, ho-hold up!
Don't get defensive.
I-I meant that
in a good way.
How's that?
Well, you're...
you're not some pretty person
who got voted in 'cause of your
kindly wife and your 2.5 kids
and a bunch of swing voters
thought you had a nice smile.
You're a real human,
warts and all.
You're a career politician
and you're there
on your own merit.
Honestly...
you're who got me thinking maybe
I should give politics a go.
[ Chuckles ]
Come on.
I do have a nice smile.
Well, you have...
You have much more than that,
Cyrus.
What do you say that...
we, um...
do this on the regular?
You...
teach me about politics,
and me...
getting under your skin.
I think we could, um...
learn a lot
from each other.
Thank you
for a lovely evening.
But I-I-I really
should get going.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
[ Knock on door, door opens ]
The former Press Secretary
is here to see you,
and I have Curtis Pryce
on line two.
Former Press --
send him in.
And tell Mr. Pryce
I'm unavailable.
In fact, whenever Mr. Pryce
calls, I'm unavailable.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
It's nice to see you,
too.
I thought I'd pop in
to see Mellie,
but Rachel said I had to
get a hall pass from you.
What do you need?
I just wanted to see
how she's doing.
-How is she doing?
-She's busy.
Sure, but there's no way you can
squeeze me in between meetings?
-Mnh-mnh.
-30 seconds. Come on.
Unlike the major
nuclear summit
President Grant's
currently dealing with,
this isn't a negotiation.
We picked a girl,
by the way.
Our TV-friendly,
missing black girl.
Zoe Adams --
15, Baltimore native.
I think she's gonna make
a great face for the cause.
-Glad to hear it.
-Right.
Well,
maybe if you have a minute,
you could stop by the office,
get your hands dirty.
This is my office.
My hands
are plenty dirty.
Fair enough.
How's Vermont?
Cold.
White.
No, I mean
how's Fitz in Vermont?
Cold.
White.
[ Both laugh ]
[ Sighs ]
He misses you.
♪♪
So,
this newfound passion for
finding missing black girls
is just...what?
An excuse to see me?
If it means that
we're able to
bring even one of these girls
home, then...who cares?
♪♪
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Elevator dings ]
Charlie: Look, uh, I'm all about
pro bono. Love pro bono.
Can't get enough pro bono
as long as we get paid.
Wh-- Stop.
What is she doing here?
I invited her.
What? When?
Yesterday.
I can hear you.
How's it going with Zoe?
We tried drawing attention
to her story
with a couple press releases,
but no one's reached out.
That's because
you don't need a story.
You need a storyteller.
A missing girl can't speak.
A mother can.
Nora Adams is attractive.
She goes to church.
She put herself through school
after her husband died
serving his country.
She set up web pages,
opened a dozen social-media
accounts to help look for Zoe,
staged a week-long vigil
outside city hall,
wrote to the governor,
even reached out to
former President Grant.
People can't identify with
a missing girl,
but they will identify with
a determined mother.
You want results,
put her out there.
Let her tell Zoe's story.
Do that, I'll make sure she gets
all the press she needs.
Thank you.
[ Elevator dings ]
Liv.
I didn't expect
to see you here.
I had a few minutes.
Thought I'd pitch in.
What?
Just...
You in this office
feels like old times.
[ Chuckles ]
We should get a drink
before I head back
to Rutland.
Or we could keep meeting
outside elevators.
[ Laughs ]
Let's see how
the summit turns out.
I have to...
-Sure.
Yeah. Okay.
Good luck today.
Thank you.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
This is very thorough.
The conditions listed
in that document,
Prime Minister Nazari,
are an attempt to
level the playing field --
a sign of good faith
that shows that
even before
we begin negotiations,
both Bashran and Dakal
stand to gain equally
as a result of
signing this treaty.
A lovely notion.
Too bad
it is complete bunk.
Is this how you want to start?
With insults?
That document
is the insult.
What sort of fool
do you take me for?
I would tell you,
but there are women present.
President Rashad.
I know you, son.
You are a child,
and you are greedy,
so I know that no matter
what it says on this paper,
we are not starting from
a level playing field.
What did you offer him to get
him to come to the table?
This summit is happening because
President Rashad requested it.
Because it is time
there was peace.
This summit is happening
because the United States
will never be happy
until they are the only ones
with the big bombs.
No, you two made some sort of
bargain at that State Dinner.
You are conspiring.
You know, I miss your husband,
Madam President.
Mm.
He at least
would do me the courtesy
to look me in the eye
when he tried to screw me.
[ Slams table ]
You will apologize.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe there was no bargain.
Maybe the lady's charms
were enough.
Gentlemen!
I suggest we take a break
in the interest of clearer heads
and lower tempers.
♪♪
I want a list of proposed
sanctions against Dakal
on my desk in an hour.
We need to show Nazari
in full detail
what's going to happen if he
continues being uncooperative.
So, we're resorting to threats,
then, already?
If we want to get this done,
we don't have much of a choice.
You saw that man in there.
The nerve.
What I saw,
Madam President,
was a man who is frustrated
and skeptical and suspicious.
Nazari doesn't trust
or believe anything you say.
Why would he?
You invited
President Rashad here.
You threw him a great, big,
fancy State Dinner.
You've been lauding
his achievements,
his generosity in the press
ever since.
You've been working with him
behind closed doors,
just the two of you.
-What exactly is your point?
That it's obvious
what's happening here.
And not just to me.
Oh,
don't be ridiculous, Olivia.
Then tell me I'm wrong.
There's nothing to tell.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
All of these girls
just...gone.
It's like no one even cares.
[ Sighs ]
This is an uphill battle.
The media, local police,
the public -- you're right.
They don't care.
They haven't been listening.
But we can
make them care.
Make them listen.
You can make them.
Let us fight
for your daughter --
for each of these girls.
-Fight?
-Yes.
Us.
Together.
I've been fighting
this whole time.
It's about time
you showed up.
The police insisted
she had just run away.
They said that it happens
all the time --
that she would turn up
eventually.
That was three months ago.
I keep calling them.
They don't know my daughter.
Her dance recital
was last week.
She missed it.
She would never miss it
unless...
My daughter's out there
somewhere.
She needs help,
and nobody seems to care.
I just want
my baby girl back!
Thank you, Ms. Adams,
for sharing your story
with us today.
I can't imagine how difficult
all this must be for you.
If anyone
has any information
that might help
locate Zoe Adams,
you're encouraged
to call the number.
It's free
and completely anonymous.
Thank you, Curtis.
It's an unfortunate truth
that girls of color, like Zoe,
go missing every day
in this country.
Girls who aren't just
slipping through the cracks.
They're being ignored
and forgotten outright.
Yeah,
I'd call that more than
an unfortunate truth,
Mr. President.
I'd call that
a national crisis.
I couldn't agree more.
But something occurs to me.
If it's a national crisis now,
it was a national crisis
when you were still president.
If time is of the essence
in cases like these,
why didn't your
Justice Department do something
to shine the light
on these missing girls?
I wasn't aware
of the problem.
-You're claiming ignorance.
-I am.
As I'm sure many of your viewers
would've before our talk tonight
because girls like Zoe
aren't just being ignored
by the justice system.
They're being ignored
by the press.
So, you're saying
the media's to blame
for these girls going missing?
-No, Curtis.
I'm saying the media's to blame
for them staying missing.
And for the fact
that the only reason
Zoe's picture is on TV tonight
is because
a rich white guy is sitting
next to her mother right now.
Curtis, I didn't come here
to spar with you.
I came here in hopes that
your viewers could help us
find Zoe Adams.
That's why I'm here.
-Fair enough,
but what happens when you leave
this studio here tonight --
when you go back to Vermont,
and --
Who says I'm going back?
My library's in Vermont, but
my foundation, my real work,
it's in the cities --
Baltimore, Atlanta, Chicago,
right here in D.C.
That's why I'm back and why
I'm strongly considering
moving my foundation here
permanently.
Vermont can wait.
Reuniting girls like Zoe
with their families can't.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Has anyone ever told you
you have the most bracing taste
in alcohol?
[ Chuckles ] A powerful leader
needs a powerful drink.
Second one
goes down easier.
I think I'll need
at least one more
if I am to keep myself from
clobbering that disgusting,
old bastard with a chair.
Which would not
advance our cause.
For him to speak to you
like that --
I appreciate your outrage,
but I don't need you to
stand up for me.
And if we're gonna get anywhere
with Nazari at all,
he cannot see us
as a united front.
I'm here to
facilitate these talks,
so I need to
seem impartial.
Are you?
[ Glasses clink ]
Impartial?
I need to seem
as though I am.
[ Both chuckle ]
-Mmm.
-[ Coughing ]
Oh, okay.
Maybe that's enough.
I think I can stand
a little more.
♪♪
Perhaps you're right.
Until tomorrow,
Madam President.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Help me.
[ Door opens, knock on door ]
You should've told me
you wanted some new art, Cyrus.
I could've gotten you something.
This is the White House.
You can't just buy a cheap print
online and call it a day.
You're the vice --
Oh, my God.
What on Earth?
This is real?!
-It's a gift.
From Fenton.
Glackland?
Yes, he --
He...wants you!
[ Gasps ]
Cyrus, he wants you bad!
Here, gimme.
I want to hear everything.
Oh, this is exciting!
You two!
Glackland-Beene.
It has a ring!
Power couple!
Madam President.
You've uttered many, many
objectionable things to me,
but that is
by far the worst.
What? I'm j-just saying
maybe it's time for...
For throwing in the towel?
What are you
talking about?
That man is beneath me.
He gave you a Cézanne!
And...
And maybe you shouldn't be
so quick to dismiss him
based on...
based on what exactly?
Did you see my ex-husband?
Did you catch his face?
I can't go from that...
to that.
I have standards.
Of course you do.
I will not lower them.
I know you won't.
Cyrus.
I'm sorry.
Forget I said anything.
[ Sighs ]
He's making me feel
all twitchy inside.
President Rashad.
Oh.
Well...
I can't.
I shouldn't.
I'm President.
But it's intoxicating.
Everyone always doing
what I say.
I start to think...
I can do whatever I want.
Whomever I want.
But that is exactly
what they all thought.
All those old, dead guys
with their mistresses
and their child brides.
The pigs.
And now...
it's happening to me.
It's a nightmare.
I n-never thought about it
like that.
Well, now you know.
You're not the only one
with issues around here.
[ Sighs ]
At least
Glackland has good taste.
And not just
in his choice of art.
[ Both laugh ]
Oh...
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
[ Door opens,
footsteps approaching ]
I see you've opened
a nail salon.
Ethyl methacrylate --
if I don't treat Annie's bones,
they'll degrade.
[ Sighs ]
To what
do I owe the pleasure?
I had a meeting at State.
Thought I'd pop by,
see if you're behaving yourself.
Mm.
Annie, huh?
I caught myself talking to her.
Decided she needed a name.
Croissant?
I've been thinking about you
a lot lately.
How you used to come home
at night when I was a kid,
regale Mom and me
with stories
of the day you'd spent
at the museum.
Mm.
It's called "lying."
Yeah,
you were good at it.
You figured it out.
-Did I?
I'm sure there were times
you could've left or come clean,
but you didn't.
You stuck it out.
That tells me
you thought it was worth it.
Ah.
You're asking...
if it's possible to be Command
and share your life
with someone.
I'm not asking anything.
No, the path that you are on
is a lonely one.
It doesn't have to be.
Sharing your life
with Fitzgerald Grant
may sound appealing --
-Who said anything about Fitz?
He was on television last night
talking about staying.
I know you, Olivia.
You want to
share your life with him,
and you want me to say
that it's possible.
Well, it is not.
Not if you insist
on being Command.
Your B613 isn't my B613.
I've been saying that
from the beginning.
Oh, please.
Just because
you were miserable --
Damn it!
Olivia!
Look at you!
You're asking me
for boy advice!
Your own father.
That's how alone you are.
The people's whose advice
you normally seek,
you can't go to them.
Not anymore.
They can't know the secret.
They can't know
that by night,
you oversee the most bloody
band of murderers
this world has ever known.
I can.
I've borne that secret.
I understand.
I mean,
that's why you're here!
Because despite your contempt
for me, I'm all you have.
Just me.
Dear...old...dad.
And when I'm gone...
then what?
You'll be talking to dinosaurs
just like I am.
If that's not reason enough
to shutter B613...
then I don't know what is.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
You don't have to like me,
Olivia,
but you're a fool
if you don't learn from me!
♪♪
[ Door slams ]
See?
The fact Grant was able to
get theses two countries
to even agree to a summit
is in itself a huge achievement.
Convincing
Rashad and Nazari
to ditch their nuclear
capabilities won't be easy,
yet sources inside
the White House remain confident
saying that if anyone can
accomplish this feat,
it's President Mellie Grant.
Mellie:
I believe we have a point
that needs to be cleared up
before we can proceed.
I am all ears.
You were correct.
There was a deal made
the night at the State Dinner.
Of course there was.
This is not news.
An American spy
was captured
while doing reconnaissance
is Bashran.
Well...now you have
my attention.
Madam President,
this is unnecessary.
In order to
secure his release,
I agreed
to host this summit.
You could've asked
for anything.
Why this?
Because you and I
do not like each other...
which is
unlikely to change,
but I don't believe that means
that my people should
live in fear
of annihilation.
Neither should yours.
This treaty stipulates
periodic inspections
of our nuclear facilities.
Will you agree to allow Dakali
inspectors into your facilities?
If you would allow Bashrani
inspectors into yours...
yes, I would agree
to these terms.
Well, Madam President...
I believe
you can proceed.
[ Doors open ]
[ Men speaking native language ]
What has happened?
Olivia?
What just happened?
Rebels have entered
the Bashran capital.
I need you to keep eyes on
President Rashad.
This was a coup.
Rashad isn't president
of anything anymore.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
It's wall to wall Bashran.
Not a single mention
of Grant versus Pryce.
It was impressive, sir.
It would've been top of the news
if not for this coup.
Look,
we are not giving up.
We dig back into
this case file,
and we find Zoe ourselves
if we have to.
We need Mellie on this.
I'll handle it.
Jake: They've seized control
of the palace.
State's getting calls
asking us to recognize
the rebel leader as
the new president of Bashran.
How did we not
see this coming?
This isn't
a handful of drunks
cutting throats
in the middle of the night.
This is a highly organized,
highly coordinated coup.
There should've
been chatter.
We should've been able to
take action instead of --
Instead of just following
your ex-boyfriend around?
We need more agents,
Liv!
I don't know how many times
I have to say it.
If we had them,
I wouldn't have missed this.
You need to make up your mind,
Liv.
Are you Command
or are you someone's girl?
You can't be both.
You are not to recognize him.
I understand that, Secretary,
but Bashran already has
a leader -- a president --
and I am going to make sure
that it stays that way.
[ Sighs ]
I want the Joint Chiefs
along with State
and Defense here
first thing in the morning,
and the Director of the CIA,
as well.
There's a very real
possibility
that we are going to
have to send in troops
to put down this coup
in Bashran.
Okay.
That is a relief.
[ Sighs ]
I'm glad we're on the same page.
You said "possibility."
You can be talked out
of a possibility.
A possibility
is not a certainty,
and for that, I am relieved.
-Olivia...
A U.S. military intervention
in Bashran
would not be wise,
Mellie.
It would undermine our efforts
in the Middle East,
antagonize our enemies,
not to mention
represent a massive shift
in our foreign policy.
I disagree!
We send in troops,
reinstate Rashad as
the rightful president,
and we'd actually be reinforcing
our efforts in the Middle East.
Until then, we'd have to grant
Rashad sanctuary, of course.
Sanctuary?
Sanctuary.
Mellie, you need to be
very careful here.
We can't send him back.
Not now.
Olivia,
where is your humanity?
He is no longer a leader.
He has effectively become
irrelevant to the United States.
The rebels will kill him.
Our hands are tied.
Well,
we need to untie them.
By going to war?!
I can't let you do that.
[ Sighs ]
[ Breathes shakily ]
He was at the table,
Olivia.
You and I,
we got him there.
He was at the table
with Dakal,
ready to forgo
his nuclear capabilities
and make peace
with his enemy.
We...found a solution
to a problem
that this country
has been wrestling with
for over 50 years
because of him.
If that isn't worth
fighting for,
worth going to war for,
then you tell me what is.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Olivia!
I need to think about it.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
[ Knock on door ]
Hi.
-What?
-No "Hi"?
What is it?
What do you want?
This revolt in Bashran is
dominating the news cycle
just when
we were getting traction
in the missing-girl story.
You want me to hit the undo
button on the revolution?
I want you to talk to Mellie,
see if she'll make a statement,
hold an event
in the Rose Garden.
You share custody
of a child.
You are her ex-husband
and the ex-President
of the United States.
You don't need me
to talk to Mellie.
I do when you control her.
I know how this works.
You're the power.
Why are you here?
I told you.
You didn't.
You deflected.
One of the many tools
in your political arsenal --
tools I handed you.
So, stop trying to use them
on me and answer my --
I need your help
with this case.
Quinn is
more than capable of --
It's a great cause, and it's
being overshadowed by Bashran.
-Stop lying.
-So, you're passing the buck?
Abandoning
the missing girls?
Okay, you need to leave.
[ Sighs ]
Leave! Now!
I'm not going anywhere.
Why are you here?!
Because you are here!
Because I love you!
You are here,
right where you need to be.
You are running the world.
I ran the world, too,
and everything
that went wrong
happened when
we weren't together.
Everything.
Without you...
I was better with you.
You were better with me.
You know that.
I know you know that.
Olivia.
Tell me you know that.
♪♪
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Olivia: Good morning,
Madam President.
Well,
what did you decide?
Ma'am?
About sending troops
to Bashran,
helping Rashad
get his country back --
what did you decide?
I've prepared two briefs.
You'll need to review them
before we can discuss.
I have feelings for him.
President Rashad.
I do
have feelings for him.
He means something to me.
I know I serve my country,
and I am beyond fortunate
to do so.
I, alone, sit at the the top of
the world and all --
We sit at the top of the world.
You are never alone.
You may run the playbook,
you may make the tough calls,
but I am the one who has to
stand before the American people
and own those calls.
Good or bad, I am the one
who is responsible
for the conscience
of a nation.
I am always alone.
Mellie --
I have feelings for him,
but I am not a teenage girl
writing in her diary.
I understand the job.
I work the office,
and I know we have a chance here
to do what's right,
to add some peace
to this world.
Liv...this time...
I want it to be my call.
Just one time.
Like I said, I've prepared
a couple of briefs.
The first one outlines
troop deployment stats.
The Joint Chiefs
will be here in an hour.
You'll need to make decisions
on numbers of military
if you're going to
send troops into Bashran.
Of course...
you have feelings for him,
and of course we will
restore Rashad's presidency
and return peace to Bashran.
It's what you want to do.
You are a woman,
a tactical thinker,
a strategist, and the leader
of the free world.
So, yes,
this can be your call,
and you will not make the same
think-below-the-waist mistakes
as the 44 men
who came before you.
I will not allow it.
That is my call.
You are never alone.
♪ A lonely mother gazing
out of her window ♪
You have me.
♪ Staring at a son
that she just can't touch ♪
What's in
the second folder?
♪ If at any time he's in a jam
she'll be by his side ♪
Another chance
to do what's right.
To add some peace.
♪ But he doesn't realize
he hurts her so much ♪
♪ But all the praying
just ain't helping at all ♪
♪ Cause he can't seem to keep
his self out of trouble ♪
-No. No. No!
-Mrs. Adams.
Let's go in the back.
I-I --
She's alive.
♪ Don't go chasing waterfalls ♪
She's with a counselor
in Alexandria.
I'll take you to her.
♪ Please stick to the rivers and
the lakes that you're used to ♪
My baby?
She's alive.
♪ I know that you're gonna have
it your way or nothing at all ♪
[ Crying ] She's alive!
[ Laughs ]
♪ But I think you're moving
too fast ♪
She's alive!
♪ Little precious has a natural
obsession for temptation ♪
♪ But he just can't see ♪
♪♪
♪ She gives him loving that
his body can't handle ♪
Hello.
Is anyone there?
♪ But all he can say is,
"Baby, it's good to me" ♪
Cyrus?
[ Lock beeping ]
♪♪
What's this?
That painting.
I'm keeping it.
Oh.
But it can't be a gift, which is
why I'm buying it from you.
[ Laughs ]
20 bucks.
Well..that's a steal.
20 bucks and...
starting tomorrow,
I'll teach you about politics.
Sound good?
Yeah.
♪ Don't go chasing waterfalls ♪
♪ Please stick to the rivers and
the lakes that you're used to ♪
♪ I know that... ♪
The Justice Department,
as ordered by the President
and the Attorney General,
are setting up a special
division within the FBI
to focus on
missing persons of color.
-Really?
-Really.
I handpicked the chief
investigator to lead it off.
It will be well-funded
and made a top priority.
-Thank you.
-Don't thank me yet.
We still have
a lot of work to do.
Yes, we do,
but it's a start.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Excuse me.
What is it?
Jake:
You were wrong...about Fitz.
He did what
he was supposed to do.
He stayed in Vermont.
He didn't stick his nose
into your business.
He didn't misbehave.
♪ Don't go chasing waterfalls ♪
♪ Please stick to the rivers and
the lakes that you're used to ♪
♪ I know that you're gonna have
it your way or nothing at all ♪
Olivia:
Looks like Annie isn't the only
one you've been talking to.
♪♪
♪ Don't go chasing waterfalls ♪
♪ Please stick to the rivers and
the lakes that you're used to ♪
Sit.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
♪♪